Update adminstrator access control document (#779)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/operator-manual/access-control.md

    When OIDC (e.g. DeX) is enabled we cannot create static users using the Harbor web interface. But when anyone logs in via DeX they automatically get a user and we can promote that user to admin.
    Once there is one admin, they can set specific permissions for other users (there should be at least a few users promoted to admins).

### Grafana

!!!note

>     This section assumes that [elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/450](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/450) is merged

Reviewer: This PR is now merged, so we can remove this note.

      grafanaEditor: my-editor-group
      grafanaViewer: my-viewer-group
```

## Users onboarding

> This describes how to create Application Developers who should be Administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This describes how to configure Compliant Kubernetes with the Application Developers who should be OpenSearch, Grafana or Harbor Administrators.
```

      grafanaEditor: my-editor-group
      grafanaViewer: my-viewer-group
```

## Users onboarding

> This describes how to create Super application developers

Reviewer: We decided some time ago to not use "Super" anymore. (See [Glossary / Application Developer](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/glossary/#application-developer).)

Could we take this opportunity to fix this too?

### OpenSearch

This is configured via `sc-config.yaml`

```yaml
opensearch:
  extraRoleMappings:
    # Application developer access
    - mapping_name: kibana_user
      definition:
        users:
          - user@domain.tld
    # Extra permissions for Application developer
    - mapping_name: kubernetes_log_reader
      definition:
        users:
          - user@domain.tld
    - mapping_name: alerting_ack_alerts
      definition:
        users:
          - user@domain.tld
    - mapping_name: alerting_read_access
      definition:
        users:
          - user@domain.tld
    - mapping_name: alerting_full_access
      definition:
        users:
          - user@domain.tld
    # Administrator access
    - mapping_name: all_access
      definition:
        users:
          - user@domain.tld
        backend_roles:
          - group@domain.tld
```

### Grafana

> 1. Super application developer logs in to Grafana via OpenID

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

2. Administrator logs in to Grafana via static admin user.
!!!note
    To get the static admin username and password you need to have access to the SC cluster and then run

    `kubectl get secret user-grafana -n monitoring -o json | jq '.data | map_values(@base64d)'`

3. Administrator promotes the OpenID user to Grafana admin at `grafana.domain.tld/admin/users`

### Harbor

> 1. Super application developer logs in to Harbor via OpenID

Reviewer: Same comment as above.
